.\" Copyright (c) 2005 FreeBSD GNOME Team <freebsd-gnome@FreeBSD.org>
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $MCom: portstools/tinderbox/man/man1/tc-configDistfile.1,v 1.2 2007/10/13 02:28:46 ade Exp $
.\"
.Dd July 21, 2005
.Os FreeBSD
.Dt TC-CONFIGDISTFILE 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm "tc configDistfile"
.Nd Configure Tinderbox distfile parameters
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl c Ar mount | Fl C
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
displays and configures
.Pa Tinderbox
settings related to distfiles.  Without any arguments
.Nm
will print the current distfile configuration to
.Pa stdout .
.Sh OPTIONS
The following options are supported by
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl c Ar mount
Specify the distfile cache mount source.  This can be either a fully qualified
path, or an NFS mount specification.  In the former case, the directory will
be mounted using nullfs.
.Pp
Using the distfile cache is an excellent way to speed up
.Pa Tinderbox
builds.  To bypass the cache for certain builds, pass the
.Fl fetch-original
argument to
.Pa tinderbuild .
.It Fl C
Disable the distfile cache for all builds.  This is the default.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Pp
Enable the distfile cache using a nullfs-mounted source from
.Pa /space/distfiles
.Pp
.Cm ${pb}/scripts/tc
.Cm configDistfile
-c /space/distfiles
.Pp
Enable the distfile cache using an NFS-mounted source from
.Pa foobar:/distfiles
.Pp
.Cm ${pb}/scripts/tc
.Cm configDistfile
-c foobar:/distfiles
.Pp
Where
.Cm ${pb}
is your Tinderbox (or port build) root directory.
.Sh "SEE ALSO"
.Xr tc-configGet 1
.Sh LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER
BSD License
