.\" Copyright (c) 2005 FreeBSD GNOME Team <freebsd-gnome@FreeBSD.org>
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $MCom: portstools/tinderbox/man/man1/tc-configCcache.1,v 1.1 2005/07/27 03:59:49 marcus Exp $
.\"
.Dd July 21, 2005
.Os FreeBSD
.Dt TC-CONFIGCCACHE 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm "tc configCcache"
.Nd Configure Tinderbox ccache parameters
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl d | Fl e
.Op Fl c Ar mount
.Op Fl s Ar size
.Op Fl j | Fl J
.Op Fl l Ar logfile | Fl L
.Op Fl G | Fl h Ar hostname
.Nm
.Fl G Fl h Ar hostname
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
displays and configures
.Pa Tinderbox
settings related to ccache.  Without any arguments
.Nm
will print the current global (default) ccache configuration to
.Pa stdout .
Note that in order for ccache to work, a
.Pa ccache.tar
file must be created in each
.Pa Jail
directory.  The contents of this file must be:
.Pp
 opt
 opt/ccache
 opt/gcc -> ccache
 opt/cc -> ccache
 opt/g++ -> ccache
 opt/c++ -> ccache
.Sh OPTIONS
The following options are supported by
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl e
Enable ccache.
.It Fl d
Disable ccache.  This is the default.
.It Fl c Ar mount
Specify the ccache mount point.  This is the location within the
.Pa Build
where the ccache directory should be mounted.  The default is
.Pa /ccache .
.It Fl s Ar size
Maximum size of the cache.  This should be in the format
.Pa nG
Where n is a number, and G stands for gigabytes.  The default is
.Pa 1G .
.It Fl j
Enable per-Jail caches.  By default, a cache is created for each
.Pa Build .
.It Fl J
Disable per-Jail caches.  This is the default.
.It Fl l Ar logfile
Enable ccache logging to
.Ar logfile .
This should only be used for debugging purposes.
.It Fl L
Disable ccache logging.  This is the default.
.It Fl h Ar hostname
Set or disable ccache configuration on a per-host basis.  By default all
configuration is done on a global basis.  Specifying this option along with
.Fl G
will cause the configuration for
.Ar hostname
to be reset to the global (default) configuration.
.It Fl G
Set or display the global (default) configuration.  This is the default.
Specifying this option along with
.Fl h Ar hostname
will cause the configuration for
.Ar hostname
to be reset to the global (default) configuration.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Pp
Enable ccache into
.Pa /ccache
and set the maximum cache size to
.Pa 2G :
.Pp
.Cm ${pb}/scripts/tc
.Cm configCcache
-e -c /ccache -s 2G
.Pp
Where
.Cm ${pb}
is your Tinderbox (or port build) root directory.
.Sh "SEE ALSO"
.Xr tc-configGet 1
.Sh LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER
BSD License
